It's very impressive, isn't it?
That's it?
Project Beetle is only
a prototype, of course,
based on our analysis
of Dr. Eggman's technology.
But if all goes as planned,
we'll soon have
our own working robot.
The president considers
this project
to be a national priority.
We won't let him down.
What a fabulous display!
I wish I had
a rock collection like that.
You're a thief.
I haven't stolen them yet,
Topaz.
So, then you are planning
a robbery, aren't you?
Excuse me,
could somebody get the police
and tell them there's a thief
hiding back here?
Aah!
I know why you're so
passive-aggressive towards me.
You're jealous of me because
I'm the glamorous team member.
If you think I'm the least bit
jealous of you,
then you really are bats.
MAN:
That's Nelson Thorndyke!
- The computer mogul?
- What a hunk!
TOGETHER:
Good morning!
Hello.
Thank you for visiting
our store, Mr. Thorndyke.
Is there something
we can help you find?
Yes, I'm shopping for an
anniversary present for my wife.
You've come to the right place,
sir.
We've got a full line
of matrimonial mementos
guaranteed to make every
anniversary golden.
What's under there?
You have exquisite taste, sir.
This item was acquired recently,
and it's truly one of a kind!
[All gasp]
It's a perfect gift.
That's it!
Lindsey is simply wild
about jewelry.
How long will it take you
to have the ring ready?
But isn't that gem
a tad large for a ring?
My wife definitely likes
flashy jewelry.
It's our wedding anniversary,
and I want to get her
something special!
I can't wait to see
Lindsey's face
when I slip it on her finger.
Her birthday's coming up.
I'll tell you what.
Give me a couple diamonds, too.
Sure!
TOGETHER: Thank you very much,
Mr. Thorndyke.
Please feel free to stop
by our store anytime.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Telephone ringing]
TANAKA: Hello.
This is the Thorndyke residence.
Hello, Tanaka.
How's everything going at home?
Everyone is doing very well
here, Mr. Thorndyke.
Mr. Chris, I have Mr. Thorndyke
on the line for you.
Oh, cool!
Hold on.
I thought Chuck was here.
He is.
Thank you.
Hey, there, how's it going, Dad?
Are you calling from the office,
or are you traveling?
Chris' father is
the Mr. Thorndyke on the phone.
If it was Chuck,
he'd say, "Hello, Grandpa."
Right.
It is Mr. Nelson Thorndyke.
You see?
I'm right!
Yeah.
Now it's clear.
She's not here.
Mom is in Filmdom City this
whole week acting in a movie.
If you need to reach her,
you can call her
at the studio, though.
Okay, I'll be there.
I changed my mind.
I want to go to Filmdom City
right away.
Yes, sir.
That's weird.
My dad wants us all
to go to Filmdom City,
but he won't say why.
Filmdom City?
Where the movie stars live?
Yeah!
Let's go!
It sounds like fun.
Right, Cheese?
Chao.
We're all set.
So, Tails, how many
Chaos Emeralds do you need now?
We have four,
and Knuckles is holding one.
We need seven.
Wow!
Just two more!
Yeah, but we have to be
really careful now
when we add new Chaos Emeralds
to the ones we have already.
The four Chaos Emeralds
we have now are okay
because they've had time
to adapt to each other.
But if we add a new Emerald
without following
the right steps,
it could cause
an electromagnetic reaction
that we can't control,
and we'll be in major trouble!
The last time they were all
brought together,
it was a disaster.
Huh.
It sounds tricky.
Hey!
Aren't you forgetting
we're supposed to meet your
father in Filmdom City now?
Yeah. Sorry.
Filmdom City?
I've never been there.
Huh?
Oh!
The X Tornado!
I'd better see
what those kids are up to!
[Knock on door]
Yes, come in.
Hi, Dad!
Hello, son!
Thanks for coming, Chris.
Boy, am I happy to see you.
BOTH:
Huh?
Sonic, how are you?
Hey, that race you won
was really amazing!
Thanks a lot.
Hey, Dad, I want you to meet
some of my other friends
who came along.
This is Tails.
Nice to meet you.
Hello.
Amy.
And here's Cream and Cheese.
Hello, sir!
And this is my teacher,
Mr. Stewart.
TOGETHER:
Mr. Stewart's here? No way!
Hello, sir.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
So, how is my son
doing in school?
He's a model student,
Mr. Thorndyke.
Is there a reason we're here?
Or did we all travel all this
way just to say hello?
You mean I didn't tell you?
This is a very special day.
WOMAN:
Let's try one more take.
Try to get it right
this time, people!
Ready?
And action!
The prince swore
he would return someday,
and I know he'll keep his word.
Is it really you?
Oh!
My true love.
Why, Nelson!
Here, Lindsey, with my love.
Oh!
You haven't forgotten what today
is, have you, dear?
TOGETHER: Happy wedding
anniversary to the Thorndykes!
I don't know what to say!
Thank you, all.
TOGETHER:
Congratulations!
Thank you, honey.
So, what do you think?
Well...
That's almost as original
as the time you wished her
a happy birthday
by skydiving onto her set.
I guarantee you're going to
leave Mrs. Thorndyke speechless.
That's what I'm going for!
Surprising Mom with that ring
while she's filming
is a great idea.
TANAKA:
A wonderful plan, sir.
ELLA: Hey, you can give me
jewelry anytime.
Honestly, do you really think
she'll like it, Ella?
Aah!
Oh, my!
It's amazing!
What's going on?
[All shout]
Aah!
[Snoring]
I am bored out of my circuits.
I would give my left servomotor
for a little excitement.
- [Beep]
- What is this?
Dr. Eggman!
We have detected
a Chaos Emerald!
Aah!
You'd better not be joking.
Where?
Show me!
There.
In Filmdom City.
Right!
Set a course for Filmdom City
on the double!
There's a Chaos Emerald
somewhere around here.
That Emerald could be anyplace
in this city.
I found it.
Whoa!
[All scream]
[All gasp]
Just what is going on here?
The filming is about to begin.
You should go get changed, sir.
Yeah, you're right.
Thorndyke doesn't know how
valuable that gem really is.
Now what?
That ring is made from
a Chaos Emerald, isn't it?
We need that Emerald
to get home,
but now it looks like Chris' mom
will be wearing it
on her finger.
We should talk about it
with Chris,
but let's wait till after
the surprise party is over.
Calling Homeroom.
I have just detected
a possible Chaos Emerald.
Will retrieve.
We need some more foliage
over here.
I think this is one of the
greatest roles you've ever done.
Hello, Sonic.
Hey, there, Knuckles.
What's crackin'?
You tell me.
To be honest,
I'm not really sure.
WOMAN:
Let's try one more take.
Try to get it right
this time, people!
Ready?
And action!
The prince swore
he would return someday,
and I know he'll keep his word.
[Gasps]
Oh!
Is it really you?
Whoa!
Oh!
Oh, no, the ring!
Nelson?
Lindsey.
- Aah!
We are closing in
on the Chaos Emerald.
Look, Doctor!
What?
[Laughs menacingly]
That light beam will lead us
straight to the Emerald!
Let's go!
Put that ring back in the box
right away!
[All shout]
I think perhaps we should
move off the set, sir.
What in the world
has gotten into you?
We're shooting
the most important scene
in the entire movie!
I was only trying
to surprise you, honey.
This isn't going
like Dad planned at all.
Sorry, I forgot I married
a movie star!
How would you like it
if I barged into one of
your shareholder meetings
and made a complete fool
of myself?
At least I cared enough
to come visit you!
What is that supposed to mean?
Are you insinuating
that I don't care?
Now, now, calm down.
- Butt out!
Homeroom, will you alert
the crisis team to stand by?
Sonic, we need that ring.
I know,
but it won't be easy to get.
Let's just tell them
we need it to get home.
We can't spoil
their anniversary.
[Crashing]
TOGETHER:
Hand over that Chaos Emerald!
It's Eggman, of course.
Aah!
This way, Eggman!
I'll get you, Sonic!
Whoa!
With all this confusion,
now's the perfect time
to make my move!
Rouge!
Where's the ring?
Hey!
You give that back to me!
Sorry, but this gem
is really a Chaos Emerald,
which is far too precious
to use in jewelry,
even for somebody
as glamorous as me.
Ha ha!
Let's make sure
this Emerald is real.
Fantastic!
We hit the jackpot!
Hand it back, Eggman!
No way!
It's mine now!
Give it up!
Get away!
Decoe and Bocoe,
come and help me!
Hurry!
Oh!
Yes, Doctor!
Coming!
Dr. Eggman is trying to escape
with the Emerald!
Come on, drop it!
I'd rather drop you!
Ladies, please!
- Whoa!
Eggman!
TOGETHER: Hand over that
Chaos Emerald or else!
Or else what?
Weazo!
Get rid of those clowns!
Not another robot!
You get away!
Don't you dare harm my family!
TANAKA:
Hold it, chump.
Before you lay your claws
on the Thorndyke family,
you must get past me.
Well, robot, do you feel lucky?
What's wrong with that guy?
Too many Kung Fu movies.
Leave them alone, Weazo.
Whoa!
You won't win that easy!
Come on!
[Laughs menacingly]
Soon I'll steal
the other Emeralds, too!
This one sure is impressive!
It looks very powerful!
Huh?
It's a dead end!
I can't get away!
Sonic?
Hey, Sonic!
Where are you?
They're fighting in water?
Now I see.
Listen, Sonic!
Jump up now!
You're through!
[All shouting]
I think I'll cut Sonic a break
and call it quits today.
- Good idea.
TOGETHER:
Thanks for the Chaos Emerald!
Are you all okay?
You protected us, dear!
Of course.
You're my family.
This surprise party
certainly was surprising.
I'm all upset that Eggman stole
Mrs. Thorndyke's new ring.
That gemstone was so pretty.
I have failed in my duties.
I don't deserve this uniform.
Hold on! The important thing is
we're all here to celebrate
Mom and Dad's anniversary!
And besides, Tanaka,
it isn't your fault
that my ring was stolen.
Thank you.
Hey!
Let's all wish my mom and dad
a very happy anniversary!
TOGETHER:
And many more!
Chao!
TOGETHER:
Thank you, everybody!
Congratulations!
It all worked out okay.
Yeah, except for Eggman
getting away
with a Chaos Emerald,
it went just perfect.
Sonic has four Chaos Emeralds,
and Knuckles has one.
Even Dr. Eggman has one Emerald,
and now we're the only ones
who don't have any.
When the last
Chaos Emerald is found
and all seven are put together,
it'll be a real blast.
I'll get those Emeralds
no matter what.